Implement nested secrets (#114)
Mic92/sops-nix: README.md

example-key: example-value
```

Nesting the key results in the creation of directories.

> These directories will be owned by root:root and have permissions 0755.

Reviewer: So this is what are currently doing for the root secret directory, and I think we should stick
with it for nesting:

```suggestion
These directories will be owned by root:keys and have permissions 0751.
```
